now after these things in the reign of
now after these things in the reign of artaxerxes king of persia
artaxerxes king of persia
artaxerxes king of persia ezra the son of syria the son of Azariah
ezra the son of syria the son of Azariah
ezra the son of syria the son of Azariah the son of Hilkiah the son of Shalem the
the son of Hilkiah the son of Shalem the
the son of Hilkiah the son of Shalem the son of Zadok the son of a hated the son
son of Zadok the son of a hated the son
son of Zadok the son of a hated the son of a mariah the son of Azariah the son
of a mariah the son of Azariah the son
of a mariah the son of Azariah the son of Barea the son of Zahra hyah the son
of Barea the son of Zahra hyah the son
of Barea the son of Zahra hyah the son of as I the son of buckeye the son of a
of as I the son of buckeye the son of a
of as I the son of buckeye the son of a bee-sh you are the son of Phineas the
bee-sh you are the son of Phineas the
bee-sh you are the son of Phineas the son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the
son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the
son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the chief priests this Ezra came up from
chief priests this Ezra came up from
chief priests this Ezra came up from Babylon and he was a skilled scribe in
Babylon and he was a skilled scribe in
Babylon and he was a skilled scribe in the law of Moses which the Lord God of
the law of Moses which the Lord God of
the law of Moses which the Lord God of Israel had given the King granted him
Israel had given the King granted him
Israel had given the King granted him all his requests according to the hand
all his requests according to the hand
all his requests according to the hand of the Lord his God upon him some of the
of the Lord his God upon him some of the
of the Lord his God upon him some of the children of Israel the priests the
children of Israel the priests the
children of Israel the priests the Levites the singers the gatekeepers and
Levites the singers the gatekeepers and
Levites the singers the gatekeepers and the Nephilim came up to Jerusalem in the
the Nephilim came up to Jerusalem in the
the Nephilim came up to Jerusalem in the seventh year of King Artaxerxes and Ezra
seventh year of King Artaxerxes and Ezra
seventh year of King Artaxerxes and Ezra came to Jerusalem in the fifth month
came to Jerusalem in the fifth month
came to Jerusalem in the fifth month which was in the seventh year of the
which was in the seventh year of the
which was in the seventh year of the king on the first day of the first month
king on the first day of the first month
king on the first day of the first month he began his journey from babbling and
he began his journey from babbling and
he began his journey from babbling and on the first day of the fifth month he
on the first day of the fifth month he
on the first day of the fifth month he came to Jerusalem according to the good
came to Jerusalem according to the good
came to Jerusalem according to the good hand of his gold upon him for Ezra had
hand of his gold upon him for Ezra had
hand of his gold upon him for Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of
prepared his heart to seek the law of
prepared his heart to seek the law of the Lord and to do it and to teach
the Lord and to do it and to teach
the Lord and to do it and to teach statutes and ordinances in Israel this
statutes and ordinances in Israel this
statutes and ordinances in Israel this is a copy of the letter that king
is a copy of the letter that king
is a copy of the letter that king artaxerxes gave Ezra the priest the
artaxerxes gave Ezra the priest the
artaxerxes gave Ezra the priest the scribe expert in the words of the
scribe expert in the words of the
scribe expert in the words of the commandments of the Lord and of his
commandments of the Lord and of his
commandments of the Lord and of his statutes to Israel artaxerxes King of
statutes to Israel artaxerxes King of
statutes to Israel artaxerxes King of Kings to Ezra the priest a scribe of the
Kings to Ezra the priest a scribe of the
Kings to Ezra the priest a scribe of the law of God of heaven perfect peace and
law of God of heaven perfect peace and
law of God of heaven perfect peace and so forth I issue a decree than all those
so forth I issue a decree than all those
so forth I issue a decree than all those of the people of Israel and the priests
of the people of Israel and the priests
of the people of Israel and the priests and levites in my realm who volunteered
and levites in my realm who volunteered
and levites in my realm who volunteered to go up
to go up
to go up Jerusalem may go with you and whereas
Jerusalem may go with you and whereas
Jerusalem may go with you and whereas you were being sent by the king and his
you were being sent by the king and his
you were being sent by the king and his seven councillors to inquire concerning
seven councillors to inquire concerning
seven councillors to inquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem with regard to the
Judah and Jerusalem with regard to the
Judah and Jerusalem with regard to the law of your God which is in your hand
law of your God which is in your hand
law of your God which is in your hand and whereas you are to carry the silver
and whereas you are to carry the silver
and whereas you are to carry the silver and gold which the king and his
and gold which the king and his
and gold which the king and his counselors have freely offered to the
counselors have freely offered to the
counselors have freely offered to the God of Israel was dwelling his in
God of Israel was dwelling his in
God of Israel was dwelling his in Jerusalem and whereas all the silver and
Jerusalem and whereas all the silver and
Jerusalem and whereas all the silver and gold that you may find in all the
gold that you may find in all the
gold that you may find in all the province of Babylon along with the
province of Babylon along with the
province of Babylon along with the freewill offering of the people and the
freewill offering of the people and the
freewill offering of the people and the priests are to be freely offered for the
priests are to be freely offered for the
priests are to be freely offered for the house of their God in Jerusalem
house of their God in Jerusalem
house of their God in Jerusalem now therefore be careful to buy with
now therefore be careful to buy with
now therefore be careful to buy with this money bulls Rams and lambs with
this money bulls Rams and lambs with
this money bulls Rams and lambs with their grain offerings and their drink
their grain offerings and their drink
their grain offerings and their drink offerings and offer them on the altar of
offerings and offer them on the altar of
offerings and offer them on the altar of the house of your God in Jerusalem and
the house of your God in Jerusalem and
the house of your God in Jerusalem and whatever seems good to you and your
whatever seems good to you and your
whatever seems good to you and your brethren to do with the rest of the
brethren to do with the rest of the
brethren to do with the rest of the silver and the gold do it according to
silver and the gold do it according to
silver and the gold do it according to the will of your God also the articles
the will of your God also the articles
the will of your God also the articles that are given to you for the service of
that are given to you for the service of
that are given to you for the service of the house of your God deliver in full
the house of your God deliver in full
the house of your God deliver in full before the God of Jerusalem and whatever
before the God of Jerusalem and whatever
before the God of Jerusalem and whatever more may be needed for the house of your
more may be needed for the house of your
more may be needed for the house of your God which you may have occasion to
God which you may have occasion to
God which you may have occasion to provide pay for it from the Kings
provide pay for it from the Kings
provide pay for it from the Kings Treasury and I even I artaxerxes the
Treasury and I even I artaxerxes the
Treasury and I even I artaxerxes the king issue a decree to all the
king issue a decree to all the
king issue a decree to all the treasurer's who are in the region beyond
treasurer's who are in the region beyond
treasurer's who are in the region beyond the river that whatever Ezra the priest
the river that whatever Ezra the priest
the river that whatever Ezra the priest the scribe of the law of the God of
the scribe of the law of the God of
the scribe of the law of the God of heaven may require of you let it be done
heaven may require of you let it be done
heaven may require of you let it be done diligently up to one hundred talents of
diligently up to one hundred talents of
diligently up to one hundred talents of silver 100 cores of wheat
silver 100 cores of wheat
silver 100 cores of wheat one hundred baths of wine one hundred
one hundred baths of wine one hundred
one hundred baths of wine one hundred baths of oil and salt without prescribed
baths of oil and salt without prescribed
baths of oil and salt without prescribed limit whatever is commanded by the God
limit whatever is commanded by the God
limit whatever is commanded by the God of heaven let it diligently be done for
of heaven let it diligently be done for
of heaven let it diligently be done for the house of the God of heaven for Why
the house of the God of heaven for Why
the house of the God of heaven for Why should there be wrath against the realm
should there be wrath against the realm
should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons also we inform
of the king and his sons also we inform
of the king and his sons also we inform you that it shall not be lawful to
you that it shall not be lawful to
you that it shall not be lawful to impose tax tribute or custom on any of
impose tax tribute or custom on any of
impose tax tribute or custom on any of the priests Levites singers gatekeepers
the priests Levites singers gatekeepers
the priests Levites singers gatekeepers nathan 'm or servants of this house of
nathan 'm or servants of this house of
nathan 'm or servants of this house of god and you as rah according to your
god and you as rah according to your
god and you as rah according to your god-given wisdom set magistrates and
god-given wisdom set magistrates and
god-given wisdom set magistrates and judges who may judge all the people who
judges who may judge all the people who
judges who may judge all the people who are in the region beyond the river all
are in the region beyond the river all
are in the region beyond the river all such as know the laws of your God and
such as know the laws of your God and
such as know the laws of your God and teach those who do not know them whoever
teach those who do not know them whoever
teach those who do not know them whoever will not observe the law of your God and
will not observe the law of your God and
will not observe the law of your God and the law of the King let judgment be
the law of the King let judgment be
the law of the King let judgment be executed speedily on him whether it be
executed speedily on him whether it be
executed speedily on him whether it be death or banishment or confiscation of
death or banishment or confiscation of
death or banishment or confiscation of goods or imprisonment
blessed be the Lord God of our fathers
blessed be the Lord God of our fathers who has put such a thing as this in the
who has put such a thing as this in the
who has put such a thing as this in the king's heart to beautify the house of
king's heart to beautify the house of
king's heart to beautify the house of the Lord which is in Jerusalem and has
the Lord which is in Jerusalem and has
the Lord which is in Jerusalem and has extended mercy to me before the king and
extended mercy to me before the king and
extended mercy to me before the king and his counselors and before all the Kings
his counselors and before all the Kings
his counselors and before all the Kings mighty princes so I was encouraged as
mighty princes so I was encouraged as
mighty princes so I was encouraged as the hand of the Lord my God was upon me
the hand of the Lord my God was upon me
the hand of the Lord my God was upon me and I gathered leading men of Israel to
and I gathered leading men of Israel to
and I gathered leading men of Israel to go up with me
go up with me
go up with me [Music]